07/04/2023 (Laine, Murray)
Discussion:
    brainstorm what we personally want to do for the project and why. Including a simple structure of how we are going to achieve that idea. by tuesday where we will have another online meeting to compare ideas and decide what we will do. in this meeting we will also talk about our programming experience so we know each others strengths and weaknesses to make the project as efficient as possible.

Outcome:
    Set up time for weekly meetings
    Attempt to use grain for meeting record

11/04/2023 (All members)
Discussion: 
    Shared ideas on the general design and function of the chat page
Outcome:
    Decided to start with making a website with an automated chat mechanism and access to chat gpt.
    Each produce a set of view to show the desired design.
    Write some html for our idea of the website using the project description as a guide.

14/04/2023 (All members)
Discussion:
    Looked at each other's web pages, concluded on the final general look.
    Allocating work to members.
    Discussed the organisation of git repository 

Outcome: 
    Work on the same branch with individual folders
    Split the group into Hank and Vicky, Laine and Murray, building the login and chat page respectively.
    Aim to finish all front end html and css in the next two weeks.

21/04/2023 (All members)
Discussion:
    Planed a procedure to add features to project with branching
    intro, login and register page complete -- Hank, Vicky
    chat page not started (no work produced due to other commitments) -- Laine, Murray
    Allocation of the rest of the work
    Align design ideas

Outcome:
    Finish chat view (Laine, Murray) and history view (Vicky, Hank) by next meeting
    Next Meeting: Wednesday 12pm

23/04/2023 (All members)
Discussion:
    Why branching is required 
    How to use branch (making and merging)
    Explain how to correctly use branch to add feature
    @hznkyh merged unused branches from @GrassTree-Muzz, @lainemulvay
    organised branches

 Outcome:
    see previous meeting

26/04/2023 (All members)
Discussion:
    Chat page complete - Laine, Murray
    History page complete - Vicky, Hank
    Agreed upon style for chat page
    Discussed the inefficiencies of having similar elements on different pages written and styled for each page (use of extends block)
    Discussed the hamburger menu model for smaller sized windows
    Discussed ideas for the back end

 Outcome:
    Finalised chat page style
    Decided on base html (header and footer) and css for all pages (similar elements across pages are all from the same code)
    Work on header and footer for all pages - Hank, Vicky

29/04/2023 (All members)
Discussion:
    Current html and css structure reorganised into flask structure
    Discussed backend works and codes required.
    Discussed backend database

 Outcome:
    Hank - further organise the folder and files for flask structure
    Vicky - implement login and register function
    Murray - implement model and controller
    Laine - implmenet chat history storage

    Aim to have working codes by next wednesday

03/05/2023 (All members)
Discussion:
    Front end working with flask architecture
    Front end registers check complete, back end user authentication partially complete (no database to verify)
    No codes produced by Laine
    model not implement by murray

    Member contribution to the project is not equal
    Team expectation and goals to meet in the next 2 weeks

Outcome:
    Laine and Murray to catch up with schedule
    Lain - continue to work on database
    Murray - continue to work on chat history storage
    Hank and Vicky to continue working on the project

05/05/2023 (Murray, Hank, Vicky)
Discussion:
    User database complete and working - Hank
    Login and register working partially complete - Vicky
    Murray admitted to hospital on 04/05/2023 due to an accident
    Lain cannot attend meeting due to urgent family matter

Outcome:
    Murray and lain work on the storage of chat history from front end to backend
    Vicky continue to finish login and register
    Hank work on blueprints and restructure the project to a better architecture 

08/05/2023 (All members)
Discussion:
    Hank - Flask structure with blueprints complete
    Vicky - login and register complete
    Murray - wrote draft table for chat history
    Laine - no working code produced

Outcome:
    Hank and Murray to work on chat history storage
    Lain - work on front end interactivity 
    Vicky - work on refactoring login and register

10/05/2023 (Hank, Murray)
Discussion:
    Murray attempted to work on chat history storage, couldn't produce working code
    Hank continue on chat history storage
    Murray moved to work on front end interactivity

Outcome:
    See discussion

12/05/2023 (Hank, Vicky)
Discussion:
    Hank - chat history storage complete, moved on to chat history display
    Necessity of implementing flask form
    
Outcome:
    Agreed that flask form is not necessary for the project, as the website does not require sensitive information, 
    current implementation of forms also prevent user from using the website when javascript is disabled. 
    No real benefits from rewriting forms to implement flask form.
    Vicky - continue to refactor login and register